Initial Connection Restructuring (#2090)
w3c/wot-thing-description: proposals/initial-connection/README.md

These set a default for the whole Thing

| Vocabulary Term | Description | Assignment | Type | Remarks |
|---|---|---|---|---|

> | connection | A reference to or an in-place definition of a connection definition, if missing a protocol binding default is in place. | optional | String pointing to the `connectionDefinitions` map or Object with type `Connection`. | If string, it MUST refer to a first-level key in `connectionDefinitions`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| connection | A reference to or an in-place definition of a connection definition, protocol bindings MAY provide default definitions. | optional | String pointing to the `connectionDefinitions` map or Object with type `Connection`. | If string, it MUST refer to a first-level key in `connectionDefinitions`. |
```

Maybe?

Author: That is a discussion to be had :D I want to make this PR rather straightforward with some basic text wrangling

Reviewer: it is in any case an improvement I'd say.

Author: I think that defaults will be possible in all cases but I want to have it as a separate discussion. All cases meaning HTTP binding can say the default http version, tls version. This affects the connection term. security can be also affected in a way but these are then some longer discussions. Until we know how the defaults are going to be specified, no need to add an assertion

Author: Sorry I have misunderstood something here... I am not sure what we meant here in the beginning. I will copy over but create an issue to follow up.

| security        | String pointing to the `securityDefinitions` map or Object with type `Security`             | SecurityDefinition (no change) | mandatory (TODO: Is it?) | When the security definition moves to the bindings, these terms can be moved a layer up to `connection` |

#### Form

| Vocabulary Term | Description                                                                                                                      | Assignment   | Type                                  | Remarks                                                                   |
| --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | ------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| connection      | A reference to or an in-place definition of a connection definition                                                              | optional     |                                       | If string, it MUST refer to a first-level key in `connectionDefinitions`. |

> | op              | Indicates the semantic intention of performing the operation(s) described by the form.                                           | with default | String or Array of String (no change) |                                                                           |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| op              | Indicates the semantic intention of performing the operation(s) described by the form.                                           | with default | String or Array of Strings (no change) |                                                                           |
```

> | contentType     | Assign a content type based on a media type (e.g., text/plain) and potential parameters (e.g., charset=utf-8) for the media type | with default | String (no change)                    |                                                                           |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| contentType     | Assign a content type based on a media type (e.g., `text/plain`) and potential parameters (e.g., `charset=utf-8`) for the media type | with default | String (no change)                    |                                                                           |
```
